there are too many males on the reserve
and the team must move 40 to a new home
they close off curtains forcing the
animals towards the narrow end Stella
come come come come quickly quickly
quickly quickly quickly
the problem is the whole herds entered
the holding pen or crush and we go with
six milligrams to prevent the animals
harming each other and the team they
must tranquilize every adult
it's not it's not those adults that we
worry about these little ones that we
don't don't inject and they're just a
wrong level where the pipes as an extra
precaution pipes are put on the bless
box horns the team work fast and furious
this is the most hands-on of all the
caches and exhausting finale to the
season just one jumps is that they're
not aggressive it could cotton right on
the neck we just have to watch your back
and hope everybody else is watching it
for you
so one done yet done done I get to the
track it's organized chaos is what we
call chasin a capture like this is 99%
the team one knows what they're doing it
one knows what place to be how to catch
the animals hard to hold animals most of
us been working together for 10 15 years
and it's just about knowing each other's
shortfalls and strengths and we're
together I just got winged slightly on
my neck I got a horn in my throat
that might look like Mike Tyson in a few
minutes
we keep having to remind ourselves that
you know we select parents now it's not
just it's not just us before I mean she
signed me up and I've seen her but now
it's totally a little bit different
today she gets injured in the Nagato
cross because she's in the foam and then
she gets cross because I'm feeling like
that so we'll talk to each other
afterwards or leave it at the head okay
let's take the pipes off and then get
them out quickly those pipes ain't
quickie okay autumn with 40 males on the
truck Sean can release the rest of the
herd here we go oh oh and chocolates
makes me feel better it's been a long
hard season you know it's been a tough
year you know we've been on the go now
an unstoppable nine months woman
you